recording vs sampled explained (#291)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/api-tracing.md

#### IsRecordingEvents

Returns true if this `Span` is recording information like events with the
`AddEvent` operation, attributes using `SetAttributes`, status with `SetStatus`,
etc.

There should be no parameter.

This flag SHOULD be used to avoid expensive computations of a Span attributes or

> events in case when Span is definitely will not be recorded. Note, child spans

Reviewer: "Broken" sentence: is ... will

recording is determined independently from the value of this flag. Typically
based on `sampled` bit of a `TraceFlag` from [SpanContext](#spancontext).

> This flag value may be `true` despite the entire trace is sampled out. This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This flag may be `true` despite the entire trace being sampled out. This
```

allows to record and process information about the individual Span without

> sending it to the backend. The example of this scenario may be recording and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sending it to the backend. An example of this scenario may be recording and
```

> processing of all incoming requests for the processing and building of an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
processing of all incoming requests for the processing and building of
```

> SLA/SLO latency charts while sending only subset - sampled spans - to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SLA/SLO latency charts while sending only a subset - sampled spans - to the
```

> SLA/SLO latency charts while sending only subset - sampled spans - to the

Reviewer 2: The ` - `-part is unclear here: It the sent subset identical to the set of all sampled spans or is it a subset of all sampled spans?

> backend. See more in [sampling section of SDK design](sdk-tracing.md#sampling).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
backend. See also the [sampling section of SDK design](sdk-tracing.md#sampling).
```

> 

Reviewer: typo: IsRecord**ing**Event

> Users of the API should only access the `IsRecordEvents` property when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users of the API should only access the `IsRecording` property when
```

#### IsRecording

Returns true if this `Span` is recording information like events with the
`AddEvent` operation, attributes using `SetAttributes`, status with `SetStatus`,
etc.

There should be no parameter.

This flag SHOULD be used to avoid expensive computations of a Span attributes or
events in case when a Span is definitely not recorded. Note that any child
span's recording is determined independently from the value of this flag
(typically based on the `sampled` flag of a `TraceFlag` on
[SpanContext](#spancontext)).

This flag may be `true` despite the entire trace being sampled out. This
allows to record and process information about the individual Span without
sending it to the backend. An example of this scenario may be recording and
processing of all incoming requests for the processing and building of
SLA/SLO latency charts while sending only a subset - sampled spans - to the
backend. See also the [sampling section of SDK design](sdk-tracing.md#sampling).

> Users of the API should only access the `IsRecordingEvents` property when

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users of the API should only access the `IsRecording` property when
```

#### IsRecording

Returns true if this `Span` is recording information like events with the
`AddEvent` operation, attributes using `SetAttributes`, status with `SetStatus`,
etc.

There should be no parameter.

This flag SHOULD be used to avoid expensive computations of a Span attributes or
events in case when a Span is definitely not recorded. Note that any child
span's recording is determined independently from the value of this flag
(typically based on the `sampled` flag of a `TraceFlag` on
[SpanContext](#spancontext)).

This flag may be `true` despite the entire trace being sampled out. This
allows to record and process information about the individual Span without

> sending it to the backend. An example of this scenario may be recording and

Reviewer 3: These spans may also be sent to the backend. Usually they are not but they may be.

Author: by processors?

Reviewer 3: If some exporter wants to export this why not?

processing of all incoming requests for the processing and building of
SLA/SLO latency charts while sending only a subset - sampled spans - to the
backend. See also the [sampling section of SDK design](sdk-tracing.md#sampling).

Users of the API should only access the `IsRecording` property when
instrumenting code and never access `SampledFlag` unless used in context

> propagators.

Reviewer 3: Or Samplers

Author: users of API... Samplers are in SDK
